User Manual of Amazing Package Tracker

Note: This user manual is the same with Brian Rahadi's Assignment 3 User manual. The main difference here is that the
program saves the Json file in the server as opposed in the client-side.

Operation 1: List all packages
The first time program is started, No Packages to Show will be seen as there is no package in the program.
Later on, this message will be gone as long as there is at least 1 package exists in the category (All, Overdue, Upcoming).
All packages are sorted based on expected delivery dates.

If program has list.json already with some packages, the started program will automatically show some packages.

Operation 2: Add a package
To add a package, just click the bottom button called "Add package". After clicked, it will summon a new frame that user
need to interact with (Added package or Cancel) before going on to the main frame again.
For a package to be successfully added, every field except notes need to be filled. If not, an error message will appear
when clicked and forces user to fix it first before package can be added. The error message will be detailed and shows
all the problem that user has (at most 5 error Name, Price, Weight, Delivery Date, and Author/ Env Fee/ Expiry Date)

Operation 3: Remove a package
Removing a package is easy. Just click the remove button shown in the bottom of each the gray package box. After this,
the package panel will refresh itself and reset the package number again.

Operation 4: List overdue packages
To list all overdue packages, just click the top middle button that is called "Overdue". It will list all undelivered packages
with expected delivery dates before the current date (and time) ordered by expected delivery dates (old to new).

Operation 5: List upcoming packages.
To list all upcoming packages, just click the top right button that is called "Upcoming". It will list all undelivered packages
with expected delivery dates on or after the current date (and time) ordered by expected delivery dates (old to new).

Operation 6: Mark package as delivered
To mark a package as delivered, just tick the delivered checkbox in the gray package box. The GUI will dynamically refresh
its package panel. To test it, all delivered packages will no longer be shown in either overdue/ upcoming packages.

Operation 7: Exit
To exit, click the Close (X) button on the java GUI. This will also prompt the GUI to save the current packages (act as
checkpoint) into list.json.